feat: add auto destroy duration docs (#493)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/workspaces.mdx

| `data.attributes.auto-apply-run-trigger`        | boolean | `false`   | Whether to automatically apply changes when a Terraform plan is successful in runs initiated by run triggers. Not supported in Terraform Enterprise.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `data.attributes.auto-destroy-at`               | string  | (nothing) | Timestamp when the next scheduled destroy run will occur, refer to [Scheduled Destroy](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/deletion#automatically-destroy).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | `data.attributes.auto-destroy-activity-duration`| string  | (nothing) | Value and units for automatically scheduled destroy runs based on workspace activity. Values must be greater than 0 and valid units are `d` and `h`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: I think an example value would be super helpful for illuminating what the format is for this. 

Also I think a link would be helpful here:
```suggestion
| `data.attributes.auto-destroy-activity-duration`| string  | (nothing) | Value and units for [automatically scheduled destroy runs based on workspace activity](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/deletion#automatically-destroy). Values must be greater than 0 and valid units are `d` and `h`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

Author: Added this as an example:

```md
For example, to set to queue destroy runs after fourteen days of inactivity set `auto-destroy-activity-duration: "14d"`.
```

> | `data.attributes.auto-destroy-activity-duration`| string  | (nothing) | Value and units for [automatically scheduled destroy runs based on workspace activity](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/deletion#automatically-destroy). Values must be greater than 0 and valid units are `d` and `h`. For example, to set to queue destroy runs after fourteen days of inactivity set `auto-destroy-activity-duration: "14d"`.                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: Adding a tiny tweak, but I think this looks great:
```suggestion
| `data.attributes.auto-destroy-activity-duration`| string  | (nothing) | Value and units for [automatically scheduled destroy runs based on workspace activity](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/deletion#automatically-destroy). Values must be greater than 0 and valid units are `d` and `h`. For example, to queue destroy runs after fourteen days of inactivity set `auto-destroy-activity-duration: "14d"`.                                                                                                                                                       |
```

> | `data.attributes.auto-destroy-activity-duration`| string  | (nothing) | Value and units for [automatically scheduled destroy runs based on workspace activity](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/deletion#automatically-destroy). Values must be greater than 0 and valid units are `d` and `h`. For example, to set to queue destroy runs after fourteen days of inactivity set `auto-destroy-activity-duration: "14d"`.                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer 2: is it worth documenting upper limit of 9999?

Reviewer: I think so, I think it's always good to document those kinds of edge cases.

Author: Updated the description to be
```md
Value and units for [automatically scheduled destroy runs based on workspace activity](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/deletion#automatically-destroy). Valid values be greater than 0 and four digits or less. Valid units are `d` and `h`. For example, to queue destroy runs after fourteen days of inactivity set `auto-destroy-activity-duration: "14d"`.
```

Let me know if there's a clearer way of saying that.

Reviewer: Small tweak to your above language, but I think this looks good!
```suggestion
Value and units for [automatically scheduled destroy runs based on workspace activity](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/deletion#automatically-destroy). Valid values are greater than 0 and four digits or less. Valid units are `d` and `h`. For example, to queue destroy runs after fourteen days of inactivity set `auto-destroy-activity-duration: "14d"`.
```
